Feat/push integration guide (#495)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/kotlin/guides/wallet-push-integration.md

# Wallet Push Notifications

## Use Cases

1. Receive notifications when user interaction is required e.g. the user needs to sign a transaction.

1. Wallet wants to receive a notification when a user's transaction is confirmed on the blockchain.

> 2. Receive notifications for asynchronous events from dapps e.g. "someone wants to buy your NFT"

Reviewer: is there a reason this is different from the Swift page?

Author: Nope, I updated for them both to match. I took Derek's [fb](https://github.com/WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs/pull/495#discussion_r1112852679) from above.

Final result: 
```
1. Receive notifications when user interaction is required e.g. the user needs to sign a transaction.

2. Wallet wants to receive a notification when a user's transaction is confirmed on the blockchain.

3. Receive notifications for asynchronous events from dapps e.g. "someone wants to buy your NFT"
```

Question for @llbartekll @TalhaAli00 @bkrem , on the call last week we talked about how you all didn't think Sign Notifications (use case num 1) should live in the push docs (besides a mention). Is it ok to have it as a use case for the wallet guide?
cc: @arein

Reviewer 2: personally I would point to echo guide or maybe better w3w section where echo registration is described.

# Wallet Push Notifications

## Use Cases

> 1. Wallet wants to receive a notification when a user's transaction is confirmed on the blockchain.
> 
> 2. Wallet wants to receive a notification when a user sends or receives tokens.
> 
> 3. Wallet wants to recieve price alerts via a notification for a specific cryptocurrency when the price reaches a certain thresold.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Receive notifications when user interaction is required e.g. the user needs to sign a transaction.

1. Wallet wants to receive a notification when a user's transaction is confirmed on the blockchain.

2. Receive notifications for asynchronous events from dapps e.g. "someone wants to buy your NFT"
```
